Use fluentd.cdn.cncf.io (#595)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: installation/install-fluent-package/install-by-msi-fluent-package.md

### Step 1: Install `fluent-package`

Download the latest MSI installer from [the download page](https://fluentd.cdn.cncf.io/6/windows/index.html). Run the installer and follow the wizard.

> If you want to use Long Term Support version, use [v6 LTS](https://fluentd.cdn.cncf.io/lts/6/windows/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest version of MSI installer from [the download page for Long Term Support version](https://fluentd.cdn.cncf.io/lts/6/windows/index.html).
Run the installer and follow the wizard.
If you want to use the normal release version, use [the download page for normal release version](https://fluentd.cdn.cncf.io/6/windows/index.html).
```

How about introducing the LTS first?
